fix typos in README (#794)
cncf/landscapeapp: README.md

  project_org: 
  # additional repos for the project; will fetch stats if they start with https://github.com/
  additional_repos: 

>   # Stock Ticker for the organization of the project/entry; normally pulls from Crunchbase but can be overridden here. For delisted and many foreign countries, you'll need to add `stock_ticker` with the value to look upon Yahoo Finance to find the market cap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Stock Ticker for the organization of the project/entry; normally pulls from Crunchbase but can be overridden here. For delisted and many foreign countries, you'll need to add `stock_ticker` with the value to look up on Yahoo Finance to find the market cap.
```
